1. *Sigh* Okay, Cadet. The ball is in your... court. See if you can, uh, hit any home runs...?

2. ...and a better understanding of how to breed dragons with five armor plates. You’re a natural hatcher, a master drake designer, a...

3. A bonded pair of dragons know each other so well, they can practically read each other’s minds... But it takes many years for a pair to develop that bond. Hmm, wait—two drakes from the same parents are bonded right away!

4. Activate your VentureMap and come help us in the Hatchery.

5. After this one you'll have to up your game. Hey, did you see what I did there? Where's Herrera when you need him??

6. After you zoom in, look on the right side of the screen to track your progress. Make sure you are going toward the right color.

7. Aha - here she comes. She'll give you your next assignment based on what she's learned. Colonel Herrera will be in the loop to make sure we're ready for the surprise attack on Darkwell.

8. All five colors have similarities and differences. Pay attention and you'll benefit in advanced Missions.

9. All that's missing now is the intelligence report from the front at Robinstow. Dr. Netanya's been incognito there and should be back here at the base at any moment.

10. All these new crystals are powering our dragon-breeding and healing machines for longer than ever.

11. Along the way you'll see how alleles are inherited from parents. Click the screen to start.

12. And I already heard back from Admar that they’ve signed our trade deal. Well done, you two. 

13. And I just heard from Dr. Netanya that customers at the Guild store are complaining that our drakes with armor don’t make great pets. She’s asking whether we can make “cuddlier” drakes to raise more money.

14. And I'm Dr. Weaver, head of Mission Control here in the heart of our subterranean base.

15. And I've also heard from the front line that the Darkwellians are getting close. I’m preparing to launch our undercover attack. The Guild needs you, Cadet, to team up with Professor Rajput for our final push.

16. And for the Guild store, super-charging the cuddle factor will maximize profit! Drakes without horns or armor will sell the best.

17. And if we share our knowledge, they will approve a massive trade deal that will help our cause. Open the VentureMap and come with me to the Zoom Room!

18. And it won’t be long before our new cadet here can turn that into reality by transferring the knowledge from the simulators to real drakes and dragons.

19. And now for something completely different! New traits, and tricky ones at that, are next.

20. And the answer is... when you only have one chromosome of the pair! Males are special that way!

21. And watch out for fivers. Whether transport dragon or flyer, that's the way to go.

22. And we also suspect that Darkwell has unleashed a parasitic worm on our dragons; several have become ill in the last 24 hours.

23. And we’ll also use those winged drakes to carry hidden messages to our allies in the Principality of Robinstow. It’s the only way to communicate without the Darkwellians listening in.

24. And, just as important, we now know how mela-pods are blocked from entering drake scale cells, making the drake reflect light.

25. Another set of targets completed, and another crystal to power the machines that are strengthening our dragon force!

26. Another touchdown for Yeung! Ha ha! Except one tiny little thing— we're kind of in a hurry. Just saying.

27. Are you keeping your eye on the father's X chromosome?!

28. Are you ready for a more difficult task?

29. Are you ready for the most difficult task?

30. Are you ready to move from the simulation to the real world?

31. Arms-only drakes naturally burrow in soil and can help prepare fields for crops. It’s like they swim through it!

32. As grim as things may seem out there, the Guild is making significant progress thanks to you. Keep it up!

33. Attention, Cadet! I’m Colonel Herrera, commander of the dragon pilots! We’re losing the war to preserve our dragons against Darkwell, so I will be leading a sneaky mission behind enemy lines!

34. Bad news, Cadet! The Darkwellians have tainted the Wyvern Republic’s water supply with a drug that dulls the minds of the entire population! They are shuffling around like Zombies! 

35. Best of all, changing the allele in the nucleus affects the proteins permanently, so it should be super-quick! Click the projection to start.

36. But if we delay the strike much longer, our defeat is inevitable. 

37. But there is hope! The Guild has found that saliva from orange-colored drakes can counter the drug.

38. By changing the versions of genes, you can now help us select the alleles we need when breeding dragons.

39. By completing the mission, Cadet, you’ve unlocked access to the Zoom Room Projector, a vital tool that simulates the inner workings of drakes and dragons.

40. By completing this level, you’ve earned access to: the Chromoscope.

41. By now you know that females have two X chromosomes, and males have only one X and a Y.

42. Cadet! We need which drake tails are best for flying, and I say that kinked tails are best— for evasive maneuvers.

43. Cadet, Herrera's dragon pilots were successful in the sneak attack!

44. Cadet, I’m impressed at how quickly you jumped from the simulations to working with real drake eggs.

45. Cadet, dragons with wings can scope out the scene from above, but the wings get in the way when clearing the trail.

46. Cadet, it's been a pleasure. Take care out there. 

47. Cadet, it's time to build and hatch 5 unique drake eggs.

48. Cadet, it’s a pleasure to meet you. If everything I’ve heard about you is true, I have high hopes for the future of Wyvern and its allies.

49. Cadet, keep in mind we need as many blue crystals as possible to power the devices that heal and help breed our dragons.

50. Cadet, use the VenturePad to meet up with Ellis in the Zoom Room team. Hurry! 

51. Cadet, we're working around the clock breeding enough orange drakes to counter the Zombie drug!

52. Cadet, we've just learned of a need for hornless fivers— I mean, hornless dragons with five armor plates! They are way more docile than those with horns. The Guild could use some of these dragons for armored transport.

53. Cadet, we've just received some drakes smuggled in from Darkwell! While the sneak attack is afoot, we need to examine them closely.

54. Cadet, you're getting the hang of changing alleles to change the drake's traits.

55. Cadet, your skills are increasing rapidly. I’m very impressed.

56. Cadet, you’ve proven yourself ready to take the Guild to the next level. We are granting you access to the Breeding Barn equipment. 

57. Case in point: our allies in the volcanic landscape of Sawaki need those lava dragons to build their camouflaged defense force!

58. Case in point: whether a dragon is charcoal gray or lava orange, its lack of shine is important for flying undetected at night.

59. Click the screen to start this challenge.

60. Colonel Herrera, I have a feeling our Cadet needs a tougher challenge.

61. Congratulations, Cadet! Another challenge completed, more science knowledge absorbed, and a new crystal collected!

62. Congratulations, Cadet! You mastered how the proteins work to create both the lava and charcoal scale colors.

63. Congratulations, Cadet. With your work, our chance of saving the Wyvern Republic dragons is growing every day!

64. Copper and steel drake and dragon scales are shiny. What makes their scales do that?

65. Customers at the pet store are loving the roller drakes with three plates— they roll themselves into a ball and scoot across the room! 

66. Did you show us your best effort here Cadet? If so, move on to the next mystery drake.

67. Don't forget about my pilots! We need dragons with horns to steer and steady ourselves while flying.

68. Dr. Ellis is chief of the Protein Lab, or as we like to call it, the Zoom Room. His equipment lets us see how the genetic instructions in the chromosomes create proteins that affect the traits of drakes and dragons.

69. Each allele change is a move. And it’s critical that you do it in as few moves as possible! So tap on the purple simulator screen to start.

70. Eggs and sperm are key to understanding these more complicated traits.

71. Eggs-actly! Okay, yeah, sorry, I couldn't help myself. So, go to it—tap the baskets and start sorting!

72. Ellis, this is a tricky one. How about another hint?

73. Excellent job, Cadet!

74. Excellent, Cadet, another crystal!

75. First we'll show you how to work with the proteins. Some of them look like gears, others like connectors. You'll see.

76. Focus on doing your best work, Cadet.

77. For my undercover operation against the Darkwellians, I need the toughest dragons we can create. I want dragons with horns and five armor plates.

78. Frost drakes are albino—they have no color in their scales. See if you can make one. Click the projection to get started.

79. Get ready for more! You’ll need to sort softies, the drakes with no armor, and those three-plated roller drakes. Netanya's pet store is running low.

80. Get ready for predicting what the drake will look like.

81. Get ready to step it up again — time to show us you know your genes and alleles!

82. Get ready – you will need to work with those four protein moves to change the color of the scale cells. Different moves have different effects.

83. Get ready— for the rest of the smuggled drakes, you need to learn some totally new stuff.

84. Get real— by clicking on the baskets and eggs.

85. Go Professor Yeung, you are positively on fire!

86. Going from frost to lava takes enough melanin to make a half-size pod. Figure out how to get there.

87. Good idea. Cadet, can you determine her genotype without even seeing her?

88. Good job!

89. Good job, Rajput—she's putting you through the paces!

90. Good question! Let's scope some eggs to find out.

91. Good to meet you, Cadet! I'm Professor Yeung, and I'm in charge of the Sim Room.

92. Good to see you again, Cadet. But bad news from the front—the Darkwellians are beefing up their defenses big-time. Herrera's sneak attack isn't just our best plan... Now it's our only option!

93. Good work, we can take this to the next level.

94. Good, those pet drakes will sell fast!

95. Great work in the Zoom Room, Cadet! I just wish there was better news from our pilots.

96. Great work, Cadet! You're now part of our team! And check out that crystal you've earned.

97. Grey drakes have been identified as a target because they spit a venom that can cause temporary unconsciousness and paralysis. The venom can be used to knock out the enemy, or as an anesthetic.

98. Here comes the hard part. 

99. Here in the Wyvern Republic, our dragons are under attack from the evil Kingdom of Darkwell, and in danger of going extinct! 

100. Here we go again! Keep on keepin' on, Cadet.

101. Here we go, let's keep working.

102. Here you'll have to figure out the best way to set the female's alleles before breeding.

103. Here's a riddle for you: when is just one recessive allele enough to produce a trait?

104. Here's the last one where you can see the drake.

105. Here’s the deal. The Darkwellians have ruined all of Wyvern’s crops. The Kingdom of Bloomberg has offered to grow extra crops for us, but they don’t have the resources for tilling all the extra fields. So we need to give them drakes that only have arms.

106. Hey Cadet! We need you to help us breed some drakes for farming!

107. I agree. We need to start breeding dragons with specific traits to counter the targeted attacks the Darkwellians have been staging.

108. I hear you’ve been training and show lots of promise! So let’s go and see if you can knock a few out of the park!

109. I know! Let's test our cadet by hiding the female's appearance.

110. I won’t sugar coat it for you. The situation is still grim, and the battle is not going well.

111. I'm guessing you said 'Yes' to being ready? OK, time for DIY drakes— you will assign chromosomes in the egg and sperm cells to match targets.

112. If it means they'll stop talking, I have one or two people I’d like to use that on! Click the screen to start.

113. If predicting doesn't go well, go back with your Venture Pad and practice with a visible drake.

114. If we need to send a rider along, horns are important. But a smooth head is better on trails with low branches.

115. If you can sort this out, you will help us understand how different alleles produce orange and gray drakes. Starting with a lava orange drake, how can we make it charcoal gray?

116. If you need more practice, just use your Venture Pad to do some review!

117. Important heads up, Cadet! Change this drake from Lava to Steel by going to the nucleus. HINT: Make SURE to look at more than one chromosome pair!

118. Impressive work, Cadet. We have a new set of drakes to sell in the store…

119. In Admar, albino dragons are sacred, and our lucrative trade deal with them depends on us sharing that secret.

120. In exchange for several tons of papayas, which the Guild turns into biofuel, we'll provide Sawaki with lava dragons… once we figure out how to breed them! Let’s go!

121. In this challenge, one parent’s alleles are known. Make the fewest allele moves on the other parent to breed the target. Click the screen to get started.

122. In this challenge, you’ll need to turn the drake’s scales from lava to charcoal again, but there's a twist this time.

123. Inheritance can be tricky when dealing with the X and Y chromosomes, Cadet. Open your Venture Pad and head to the Breeding Barn.

124. Interesting! Our dragon carers are reporting that copper-colored drakes and dragons have a natural immunity to the parasitic worm unleashed by Darkwell.

125. Is everything a sports analogy with you, Herrera?

126. It looks like you've finished everything! Open your VentureMap if you'd like to redo a challenge.

127. It's time to see how genes on the X chromosome work.

128. It’ll stretch our resources even further, but we have to help our allies and their dragons as well.

129. Just stop. You’re out of your league, here, Herrera. Despite our progress here, we’re still one step behind the Darkwellians...

130. K, thanks! Bye!.

131. Keep going for blue!

132. Keep practicing, we always need blue crystals!

133. Keep working for the blue crystals, we need them!

134. Keep working, Cadet.

135. Keep your number of moves low, even though there are two drakes to work on. Go for blue!

136. Let's be sure you're getting this, Cadet! Try this one. Click the screen to start.

137. Let's go, you know the drill - luck isn't good enough.

138. Let's head over to the Breeding Barn to check them out.

139. Let's make sure you aren't just lucky!

140. Let's make sure you've got this, Cadet.

141. Let's try this again— but with some more traits, too.

142. Let’s go! Click the screen!

143. Let’s go, Cadet! Time is of the essence!

144. Let’s tackle both of these needs at once. Cadet, open your VentureMap and start cuddling! The drakes, I mean; making them cuddlier. 

145. Let’s use our newly unlocked albino/color allele to modify the drake scale color from frost to charcoal, directly in the nucleus. Click the projection.

146. Listen up, Cadet! This is for your ears only! Aboveground, there’s a tunnel to this underground base, hidden in an innocent-looking little cottage.

147. Listen up, Cadet! You need to get up to speed on breeding drakes and dragons with five different scale colors. Each color is an invaluable tool for the Guild.

148. Lucky for us that we’re in the Zoom Room. Projection, please, Cadet!

149. Make it through these and you’re starting to play in the big leagues!

150. Make sure you understand how each trait works, or breeding these drakes won't help much.

151. Make sure you're getting it. Twice more should do the trick.

152. Match the targeted drakes you see on the simulator screen by changing alleles where necessary.

153. Maybe later, Colonel. Cadet, let’s get going!

154. Maybe so, but short tails allow for quick dives, and long tails for the smoothest flights.

155. Meaning that if we can isolate that immunity, we could create a cure?

156. Mission almost complete... I know you can do this. Click the screen to start.

157. Move ahead when ready, Cadet.

158. My dragon pilots are reporting that the Darkwellian forces are building more quickly than we expected.

159. My elite team of pilots needs powerful dragons that can hold their own in battle if we are to have any chance of defeating Darkwell.

160. News from the front! Darkwell has just attacked our allies in both Sawaki and Admar with a debilitating virus. We need more help!

161. No worries, Professor, I heard you. You get extra credit for your sports analogy!

162. Not bad. And yet, not done! One mo' time.

163. Not bad. But you've still got a ways to go.

164. Not yet, Colonel! We’re so close to understanding how to control the full range of scale colors in drakes. Applying that knowledge to our dragon defenses will give us the edge in our attack.

165. Now our drakes won’t be able to fly to Robinstow, and Bloomberg’s crops will be ruined.

166. Now that we understand what’s going on with the proteins, I’ve programmed the simulator to unlock the albino/color allele so we can control the mela-maker protein directly from the nucleus. 

167. Now that we understand what’s going on with the proteins, I’ve programmed the simulator to unlock the shiny/dull allele so we can control the pod-releasing protein directly from the nucleus.

168. Now that you’ve mastered making charcoal scales, let’s see if you can reverse it to make lava scales. 

169. Now we are going to see if you've really got what it takes, Cadet.

170. Now we need you to learn how to change alleles efficiently. Remember, alleles are different versions of a gene!

171. Now we’ll be able to breed enough shiny drakes to develop stores of the antidote for the virus unleashed by Darkwell.

172. Now you'll see how it really works. No more DIY.

173. OK Cadet. Show us what you've got!

174. OK, Cadet, here you'll work on both parents at the same time, and with plenty of alleles!

175. OK, I get it. Frost drakes and dragons are albino, so— no color at all in those scales. And boy do they shine.

176. OK, here’s the tough one. Varying five different traits will make for the most versatile combinations yet. Can you handle it?

177. OK, listen up Cadet, if you find yourself back at the cell and stuck, dive back into the nucleus and look for another change to make. Click the projection to start!

178. Oh no! I’m getting reports that Darkwell has found out about the secret messages we send via flying drakes to the Principality of Robinstow!

179. Okay, Cadet! Ready for a curveball?

180. Okay, Cadet! Remember the value of those crystals: red are weakest, yellow are in the middle, and blue crystals are the most powerful.

181. Okay, Cadet, time to fire up the Chromoscope! We’re working with actual drake eggs here in the hatchery.

182. Okay, Cadet, we need to ramp up this operation. You must change alleles for both parents this time, in order to breed a drake that matches the target.

183. Okay, Cadet. Now let’s take a time out!

184. Okay, Cadet— One more time. Click that screen and... cross the finish line!

185. On the other hand, sometimes we need a stealthy dull dragon along with one that can create a shiny diversion.

186. One more time, Cadet, let's not leave this to luck!

187. One more time, Cadet.

188. Open your Venture Pad, we need to head to the hatchery! 

189. Open your VentureMap and head on over there with us. Quickly! We don’t have much time!

190. Open your VentureMap and head on over to the Sim Room. Quickly! We don’t have much time!

191. Open your VentureMap and head over to the Breeding Barn. We need you at your best!

192. Open your VentureMap!

193. Our Cadet succeeded with the simulator, Professor Hatch!

194. Our allies in Admar and Sawaki are encouraged with the progress the Guild is making in breeding dragons to help the cause.

195. Our allies in the volcanic islands of Sawaki need lava dragons that can blend in with the landscape and serve as a defense force.

196. Our dragon force is on its way to being unstoppable!

197. Plates! Horns! You can do it.

198. Practice makes perfect. Go for it.

199. Practice makes perfect. Keep it up!

200. Professor Hatch, permission to mobilize our surprise attack!

201. Relaxation time over! Darkwell’s growing strength is of great concern, as you'll learn in our next briefing.

202. Remember, we learn what we can from drakes and then apply what we’ve learned to dragons. Click the purple screen to get started!

203. See the baskets and the big lineup of eggs? Click over there and get sorting!

204. Seriously, Cadet, It's been great having you. We have to bid you farewell for now. Just remember, when you come across genetics, think of Geniventure! 

205. So far, you’ve sorted fully formed, fertilized eggs. Now you're going to assemble the sperm and the egg yourself.

206. So we don't even know their genotypes?

207. So we need you, Cadet, to determine genotypes. See if you can deduce the drake's alleles from his offspring.

208. So, we have to sort out four kinds of drake eggs – fast! Females with wings, females without wings, males with wings, and males without wings.

209. Sorry Cadet, too many moves to earn a crystal. Try again!

210. Sorry, no crystal— try again!

211. Sorry— too many moves for a crystal. Try again!

212. Speaking of which...

213. Spikes and faded color depend on whether there is one X or two. Make sure you're getting it.

214. Start by breeding drakes on the simulator. You’ll be changing the alleles to create a drake that matches the target in as few moves as possible. Click the screen to begin.

215. Steady on, Cadet, you can do it.

216. Sure you're up for this?

217. Sure. By the way, those arms-only, burrowing drakes can also do a great job at wrecking a golf course! Remind me to tell you about the prank we played on Darkwell when they hosted last year’s Evil Empires Golf Open.

218. Thank you Cadet, These results will go straight to our breeders at Robinstow!

219. Thanks to your progress, Cadet, we’ve combated the tainted water supply and our population is alert again!

220. Thanks, now we'll see which ones fly best!

221. Thanks... I think...?

222. That about does it for five easy colors, Cadet! And our allies in Admar will be truly grateful once we are able to breed albino drakes and dragons.

223. That cottage is home to the Drake Breeders’ Guild. I run our veterinary clinic and pet store there! The money made by the store helps pay for the secret work we do down here.

224. That was some great teamwork! I’ve already shared what we learned about albino drakes and dragons with my counterpart in Admar.

225. That's enough practice on the new genes. It's time to see whether you've really got this down!

226. That's right. And we need the genotype if we are going to make progress understanding drake and dragon traits.

227. That's right. Can you cope with real chromosomes that are selected by chance?

228. That's the drakes, not the customers, right Professor?! Good— while we test our Cadet's mettle, we can meet that demand.

229. That's three in a row. Move ahead, if you think you're ready.

230. That’s a good example, though you may find there are other traits to work on, too. See what you can do.

231. That’s a significant win that will help our defenses, but there’s still so much to do to build our dragon force. It’s time to shift into high gear. 

232. The Chromoscope checks and displays chromosome alleles for each drake. It will be invaluable in your next missions!

233. The Darkwellians have no idea that the Guild is just a front. The thing is, we suddenly need a lot more drakes than usual…

234. The Darkwellians have ruined our agriculture and our food supplies are low. Our allies in Sawaki and Admar are in bad shape due to the virus Darwell unleashed.

235. The Guild store is turning a great profit selling the cute new drakes we’ve been breeding!

236. The bonded pair dragons will pave the way for our sneak attack. The Darkwellians will never see it coming, and the kingdom will finally be safe—for dragons and humans alike!

237. The key is creating secret trails from Robinstow to the outskirts of Darkwell. We need dragons that can work in pairs and anticipate each other’s movements under attack.

238. The shiny drakes are providing an antidote to the Darwellian’s virus in Sawaki and Admar.

239. The sim will also add a new gene that has 3 alleles. We think you can handle it.

240. There’s a catch, though—the offspring must have different strengths so that together they can perform a wide variety of tasks, from clearing a trail to repelling attackers. Cadet, can we have the best of both worlds?

241. These drakes had to be smuggled out quickly and secretly, so  we have no information on them.

242. These drakes remind me of a Firefly. Shiny!.

243. They have a natural immunity to a parasitic worm the Darkwellians have unleashed on dragons, so the Guild plans to isolate that immunity and create a cure.

244. They love it! But the parents, not so much. And it’s bad enough that the flying drakes, um, expel their waste from way up there, but, uh, let’s just say a freaked out toddler can drop one heck of a load from a thousand feet.

245. Things are pretty grim, Cadet. We already had a couple of strikes against us, and we’re not gonna have many more chances at bat.

246. Things just got a whole lot tougher, Cadet! We’ve just heard that some of the dragons that the Guild supplied to our allies are also under attack from the Darkwellians.

247. Think it through before hatching, and you'll fly right through this. 

248. Third time's a charm... Good luck!

249. This has been a real test of your abilities, Cadet! Our knowledge of these new drakes is important!

250. This is it, Cadet. It's time to determine the genotypes of the remaining engangered drakes.

251. This is where you can work with genes to make different looking drakes.

252. This is your toughest challenge yet. It will take all you have learned about drakes to solve it.

253. This offspring pair work is an example of truly awesome thinking by our cadet. And we now know enough to breed the dragons in Robinstow!

254. Time is running out and we need to train you fast! Come with me to the Sim Room. Click your VenturePad to navigate around the base.

255. Time to move on to the next Mission– helping out our dragon pilots.

256. Time to sort drake eggs based on the chromoscope readings.

257. Time to understand how faded color, spikes, and tails are inherited. Open your Venture Pad and head to the Hatchery.

258. Time to use the random generator! Click the screen!

259. True story about upping your game, Cadet. In this simulation, we’re going to gauge your accuracy at creating different colored drakes just by viewing the target.

260. Try it again for another crystal, Cadet!

261. Use fewer moves to earn a crystal!

262. Wait, Dr. Rajput, aren't drakes an endangered species in Darkwell?

263. Was that just luck?

264. Watch out for those orange-colored drakes as targets. Their saliva counters the mind-dulling Zombie drug that the Darkwellians have added to the Wyvern Republic’s water supply.

265. We need more dull-colored drakes. They blend in with the forest floor and the Darkwellian patrols don't see them. And that’s just one of the target drakes we need.

266. We need more orange drakes, and to push ahead with our breeding program for other invaluable traits.

267. We need to know which eggs will hatch what kind of tail. You're on, Cadet. 

268. We need to quickly sort out three kinds of eggs – those with arms only, those with legs only, and those with both.

269. We need your help understanding how to breed different drakes so that we can then breed dragons that help Colonel Herrera and his squad!

270. We use these crystals to power the devices that both heal and help breed our dragons. Red crystals are fairly weak, yellow crystals are a little stronger, and blue crystals are the most powerful. We need as much power as possible to build our forces and secure our defenses.

271. We'll give you pointers about the colors along the way. Are you ready?

272. We're getting the antidote out to the public, you can take a moment to relax.

273. We're working with complicated inheritance patterns, Cadet. Keep at it!

274. We've got dull-colored drakes you helped us breed, Cadet, foraging mushrooms to keep the people of Wyvern fed.

275. Welcome back! Open your VenturePad to get started.

276. Welcome to the Zoom Room! We study drake skin cells here to find out how the different colors come to be.

277. Welcome, Cadet! Look carefully at the alleles in order to succeed.

278. Welcome, Cadet! My team works in the Breeding Barn on drakes and dragons of all variations. Follow me there now using the VentureMap.

279. Welcome, Cadet, to our underground hideout! I'm Professor Hatch, director of the Drake Breeder's Guild.

280. Well done! 

281. Well done. Charcoal dragons that blend in with the dark sky could make or break the surprise attack on Darkwell. Now we know more about how to make that color.

282. Well, Herrera, what do you think?

283. Well, it gets even worse. They also know that the Kingdom of Bloomberg was going to grow crops for us. Darkwell is  going to kill two birds with one stone by polluting the skies.

284. We’ll begin by having you investigate how drakes get their different colors. Click the VentureMap to navigate to the Zoom Room.

285. We’re going to need you to stay sharp, Cadet. Check out the VentureMap to see what you should tackle first.

286. We’re in new territory here, Cadet. For this next challenge, you and I will be learning together.

287. We’re short on cash and need to sell a few thousand wingless drakes as pets for toddlers.

288. We’ve identified shiny drakes as a target because their iridescence makes them popular in the Storefront as pets.

289. What can I say, Yeung? I’m a team player. Give it a shot.

290. What? It must be those spies! If only we knew who they were!

291. When the top layer of scale cells is empty of color, it reflects light.

292. While we are waiting for the outcome of the sneak attack, your work can help guard these drakes from extinction.

293. With all you have learned, we think you are up to this task.

294. With the Darkwellians attacking our agriculture, we need alternative sources of food, like forest mushrooms

295. Yeah, winged drakes sometimes give toddlers unexpected rides that go up about a quarter mile in the sky.

296. Yes! But first we need to understand how copper drakes get their color. Copper drakes are shiny versions of lava drakes, so we need to zoom in on a lava drake and see if we can turn it copper.

297. Yes! Darkwell has hunted the drakes close to extinction, so this is a rare find.

298. Yes, and you played a big part in this victory for drakes and dragons!

299. Yeung shoots! She scores!

300. You are on track to understand X chromosome inheritance as well as a gene with 3 alleles.

301. You are training to be part of an elite team of scientists who will help us bring dragons back from the brink!

302. You can do better at this!

303. You can learn 4 different ways to change how the proteins work. Click the projection screen to start zooming in.

304. You did it! Congratulations!

305. You did it! You’ve mastered three drake color genes. Congratulations!

306. You did it, but made too many moves to earn a crystal. Try this one again.

307. You did it, but you took too many moves to earn a crystal.

308. You did it, but you took too many moves to earn a crystal. Let's try this one again!

309. You did it, but you took too many tries. Let's try this one again!

310. You don’t get to see how your drake looks until you submit your answer!

311. You got there, but for our sneak attack to work, you’ll need to get better at this!

312. You got there, but you need to sort more drakes correctly to earn a crystal.

313. You got there, but you'll need to do better to earn a crystal!

314. You got there, but you'll need to do better to earn a crystal!.

315. You got there, but you’ll need to do better to earn a crystal!

316. You have been learning the key skill of manipulating alleles efficiently.

317. You know the drill! Now we’ve modified the drake’s scale color from lava to copper, let’s try going from copper to lava. Click the projection.

318. You know what to do. Click the projection and get working on those proteins to turn that drake from charcoal to lava.

319. You know, Herrera, those legs-only drakes are useful, too. They develop really strong, fast legs, and we need to study them so we can breed cavalry mount dragons.

320. You need to select an egg cell to make the target drakes in this challenge.

321. You remember our allies from Admar? Albino  dragons are sacred to them. The Admar rulers know we are close to figuring how proteins cause drakes and dragons to become albino... 

322. You will need to figure out how the protein machines work, and then make protein moves to change the outcome.

323. You will use our simulator to zoom into a drake's skin cells. There you will find the biological machines that make the color. They are called proteins.

324. You're close. Show us one more time.

325. You're on the way. Keep trying your best!

326. You've gained experience in predicting the traits.

327. Your challenge is to show us the parents that can breed the sibling pairs. Change alleles and then submit the parents that can create the targets!

328. Your simulation work could translate into real world experiments. Time to prove you know what you're doing

329. Your task is to show us you can make 5 unique drakes. Each drake must look different from the rest.

330. You’ll be selecting both egg and sperm to make the target drake in this challenge.

331. You’re coming along. And it won’t be long before we’re able to breed lava-colored drakes and dragons.

332. You’ve earned a shortcut for your hard work: you now have access to the orange/gray alleles that control the mela-helper directly in the nucleus.

333. You’ve unlocked the orange/gray alleles that control the mela-helper protein, so you can swap between the orange and gray alleles directly in the cell nucleus.

334. …And if a ton of drakes start coming and going from the cottage, the Darkwellians will get suspicious. So activate your VentureMap and come help us in the Hatchery.

